-[insects chirping]
-[footsteps]
[Claire breathing]
[wings flapping]
[eerie music]
[Claire exhales]
[Claire gasps]
[grim music]
[door squeaks]
-[gasps]
-[bats screeching, flapping]
[disgusted groans]
[Claire mumbles]
[glass shatters]
[mysterious music]
[Claire] Oh, my god.
[insects buzzing]
Shit.
[grim music]
[theme music playing]
[insects chirping]
[water gushing]
[doors clonking, creaking]
Master Yu En is waiting for you, miss.
[footsteps]
[in Mandarin]
[Yu En] "Jian turned to the window
and looked out at the great ship
moored in the harbor.
We will see each other again, Father.
I promise."
[Yu En exhales]
[in English] Shen May.
Grandfather.
I used to read this to him
when he was a child.
It soothes him now.
[Yu En] Come closer.
Let him see your face.
-[door bangs]
-[Leon grunts]
[struggled groaning]
Start talking.
-[thumps]
-[grunts]
[Shen May] Hao Ran.
[Leon] Try it, pal.
Whenever you're ready.
[machine beeps]
[Shen May] The man lying here is Jun See.
He's my little brother.
[tense music playing]
The US Government turned him into this.
[heavy breathing]
What are you and Jason up to?
Like he told you before…
we're trying to expose a conspiracy.
I came here to get the proof
to out Defense Secretary Wilson
as the one behind it.
[Jason] …a visual on Alpha Two
and it's going down.
Coordinates 4-2-Sierra-Whiskey
Alpha-niner-4-6-5-0-6-7-niner-2-niner.
Tell the other units to stand by.
[Shen May] Team Three, Team Six,
this is Command. Stand by.
[keyboards clacking]
I repeat, Team Three and Team Six,
stand by and wait for orders.
[Wilson] Use MK77's to sterilize the site.
[Colonel] But we still have
a unit in there.
They won't make it out in time.
Everything in the area
is considered infected. Burn it all.
[Colonel] Yes, sir.
MK is ready for drop in three,
and two, and one.
[operator] Touchdown.
[Jason] We made it to a tent
outside the city. Pinging our coordinates.
We got an ID on one survivor, too.
His name is Jun See.
[muffled gasp]
[Jason] Mad Dogs to Command. Need evac.
[ominous music]
[MD 1] …dragged 'em out, killed 'em all.
They turned into that.
[-MD 2] We need to tell somebody.
-[MD 3] Command dropped MK77s on the town.
They wanted to burn
everything, including us.
If we talk, we're dead.
[MD 4] Shit.
[Shen May gasps]
[Jason] Hold your fire.
Who are you?
Warrant Officer Fifth Class,
Shen May, sir.
What are you doing here?
I was going over
your last transmissions and--
[strange growling]
-[cloth rustling]
-[groaning]
[strange groaning]
[nervous breathing]
[dark music]
-[zipper rasps]
-[whimpering]
-[growls]
-[Shen May gasps]
[Jun See growling]
[Shen May sobbing]
[continues sobbing]
-[machine beeping]
-[Jun See breathing]
[Shen May] Jun See was with
a special squad on a top-secret mission.
Wilson, a major general at the time,
was the commanding officer.
But he was also working
with a pharmaceutical company
to make bio-organic weapons
for military use.
And Penamstan was just a test-run
for his bioweapons.
[sighs] Son of a bitch.
-[insects chirping]
-[Claire hums in wonder]
[Claire] So they all committed suicide.
[sharp exhale]
[Claire sighs]
[paper rustles]
[picture frame clacks]
[helicopter whirring]
[men grunting]
[Jason] Okay, he's still alive.
[gun firing]
-[grenade clinks]
-[man grunts]
[loud explosion]
[MD 1] Command. This is Mad Dogs.
We need evac for seven.
We got one survivor,
and he's torn to shit.
Hostiles inbound. Get us out of here.
Fuck.
-[groaning]
-Hang on, brother. Help's on the way.
[dogs barking in distance]
This guy does not have long.
[Jason exhales]
Hey, brother.
What's your name?
Jun See.
Jun See, I'm gonna level with you.
There's no rescue.
We're… we're on our own.
But here's the deal.
We're gonna carry you back to base.
But we might have to gag you.
-[MD 4] Something's up out there.
-[Jason grunts]
[tense music]
[exhales]
[MD 3] Where'd that body go?
[zombies growling]
[snarling]
[soldiers groaning]
[guns firing]
[bullets clanging]
[groaning in pain]
[gun firing continues]
[munching]
-[yells]
-[gun firing]
[rapid gunfire continues]
[MD 3] He fucking bit me!
-[pained scream]
-[thwacks]
[wood clatters]
-[Jason] Hold your fire!
-[soldiers panting]
What the fuck was that? Fuck!
[MD 1] What are they?
[heavy breathing]
[Jun See groans]
Inject…
[struggled breathing]
-…inhibitor.
-What?
Bag.
[exhales]
[zipper rasps]
[Jun See] You're bitten.
Inject…
-[Jason] Why?
-…inhibitor…
or you'll turn like them.
[gasps]
Hurry. [groans]
[grim music]
[dispatcher speaking
indistinctly over radio]
[cop] Witness is Claire Redfield. Female.
Looks like the deceased
has been dead for a few days.
Shotgun found on the site.
It appears self-inflicted.
[siren wailing]
Ma'am, a detective will contact you
in the next day or so.
[wind blows]
[exhales]
Oh they were infected.
-[Jun See growling]
-[zipper rasps]
Jun See let us use
his share of the inhibitor.
And then he turned into that.
[sighs]
[Jason] All right.
Some of you guys might not like
what I'm thinking.
But it is what it is.
I gotta do this.
And if you don't want any part of it,
well, no harm, no foul.
[Shen May] Jason decided
not to tell HQ about Jun See.
He contacted our grandfather instead.
Since Grandfather is the head
of a conglomerate here in Shanghai,
he used his connections
to smuggle Jun See out.
The Mad Dogs unit returned to base.
And Wilson gave them
a hero's welcome, medals and all.
[Shen May] As long
as they took the inhibitor,
they'd stay alive and they wouldn't turn.
And Wilson supplied the inhibitor.
He held that over their heads
and used the Mad Dogs Unit
for personal, covert operations.
They were Wilson's pets.
[Leon] And thanks to them,
he got promoted to Defense Secretary.
[Shen May] Exactly.
Even though he's a senior US official now,
he continues developing bioweapons
with some pharmaceutical company
on the side.
We still haven't figured it out
who they are yet.
But Wilson wants to be rich and powerful,
and the inhibitor is his key
to that kingdom.
Then Wilson forced Jason
to start the outbreak at the White House
and sabotage the sub.
Just to get the President
pissed off enough at China
to start a war.
[exasperated sigh]
When I smuggled Jun See out of Penamstan,
the virus had transformed him
so much, I could not recognize him.
[Yu En] I have spent my life savings
to find a way to rid him
of the thing that is eating away at him.
-[liquid squeaking]
-I failed you.
[Jun See wheezing]
[delicate music playing]
[sighs]
[Shen May] I went looking
for evidence against Wilson,
because I wanted revenge.
Jason wanted out
from under Wilson's control,
so I decided to work with him.
-[bookshelf rasps]
-And after six years of digging,
we realized the proof
we needed to bring Wilson down
was right under our noses.
All of the prototype bioweapon soldiers
had chips embedded in their bodies.
Those chips were designed
to record their vitals
as well as all their combat data.
A chip, huh?
[Shen May] Everything about Jun See
is recorded on that.
Including who created him
and who sent him into battle.
Burn it all.
He thinks all the evidence
was burned to ash.
Including your brother.
[Shen May] Jason believed that
if we went public with this,
we could expose Wilson and put an end
to the development of bioweapons.
And him.
-[loud crash]
-[gasps]
-[earth rumbling]
-[Shen May] Hao Ran!
[glass shatters]
We gotta go. Now!
-Grandfather! Jun See!
-[machine beeping]
[Shen May] No! Grandfather! Jun See!
-Come on! Move!
-Grandfather! Jun See!
[Shen May] No!
[Ryan scoffs]
[Ryan] I don't know.
This speech is a bit, uh, provocative.
The Chinese are not going to be happy.
The President has agreed with me
on the significance
of taking a firm stand.
I… I think we need to tread carefully.
The US and China have managed
to get along fine up until this point.
[Ryan] If the President says
any of this, it'll be like…
-poking a rattlesnake with a stick.
-[paper rustles]
I can't imagine what this would do
to the world economy,
not to mention the potential for a war.
-[Wilson] Hacking. Viral terrorism.
-[sighs]
Blowing up one of our subs.
Allies do not do these things.
We don't even know
if they did any of that.
Did you forget about
the civil war in Penamstan?
The Chinese played a part in that.
-Right, but--
-[Wilson] But nothing!
This alliance with the Penamstanis
means our military
will finally have a foothold there.
Geographically,
it is between China and the West.
Tactically, it means we can put pressure
on China if it should come to that.
And, one day, it will.
We need to be ready.
We need to show the world
that we are a strong nation,
capable of protecting
the interests of the free world.
[grim music]
[frustrated exhale]
[fire roars]
[Leon groans]
[grunts]
[eerie music playing]
Jason.
[Claire] Secretary Wilson,
I work for an NGO in Penamstan.
What do you want?
I want to know the truth
about the Mad Dogs Unit.
Look, if you want an interview,
you'll have to run it by my people first.
I found a note from one of the soldiers
who committed suicide.
[grim music]
[ominous music]
[Jason] Remember when I told you
about terror?
It starts with fear.
You cultivate it, and you watch it spread,
and then…
then you've got terror.
[ominous music continues]
Give me the chip.
If we go public with it,
everything that Wilson has been doing
will be out in the open.
If I do that, you'll have every agent
in the US hunting you.
-[sighs]
-I have to do it,
so that everything that happened
to Jun See will never happen again.
I know you understand.
Raccoon City was the beginning.
We can't let what happened
in Penamstan stay buried.
Jason wants justice.
No. Jason doesn't give
a damn about justice.
He wants the world to know
what real terror's like.
The kind him and his men knew.
He wants that to be the new reality
for everyone, and then…
-he wants to burn it all down.
-He wouldn't do that.
Look around you.
[dramatic music]
Shen May…
where is he?
[dramatic music continues]
-[siren wailing in distance]
-[Claire exhales]
-[power shuts down]
-[gasps]
[eerie music]
[doorknob creaks]
[door squeaks]
[door thuds]
-[aggressive grunt]
-[thwacks]
[wallops]
-[Taser zapping]
-[Claire shouting in pain]
[closing theme music playing]